OSDOCS-7235: Porting Terraform information (#63066)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-account-roles-terraform.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) account roles for ROSA.

.Procedure

> . Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies:

Author: Nope - if there are roles that they want to use, they are good to go. For this example, it's mostly to show that the roles created with Terraform are actually added to their list of roles.

}
----

.. Copy this template into a file  named `variables.tf`. You can provide your own variables in the default fields for the account-role creation variables. 
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not include your OCM token in this file if it is not stored in a safe location.
====
+
[source,terraform]
----
variable "openshift_version" {
  type = string
  default = "4.13"
  description = "Enter the desired OpenShift version as X.Y. This version should match what you intend for your ROSA cluster. For example, if you plan to create a ROSA cluster using `4.13.10`, then this version should be `4.13`. You can see the supported versions of OpenShift by running `rosa list version`."
}

variable "account_role_prefix" {
  type    = string
  default = ""
  description = "Your account roles are prepended with whatever value you enter here. The default value in the ROSA CLI is `ManagedOpenshift-` before all of your account roles."
}

variable "tags" { <1>
  description = "(Optional) List of AWS resource tags to apply."
  type        = map
  default     = null
}
----
+
--
<1> The `tags` parameter uses a map of strings variable type. The format that it takes looks like the following example:
+

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: Still not sure if [source,terraform] is a valid option but if it is, shouldn't this block also be the same?

----
variable "tags" {
  type    = "map"
  default = {
    "us-east-1" = "image-1234"
    "us-west-2" = "image-4567"
  }
}
----
--

> . In your terminal in the directory where you saved these Terraform files, run the following command to set up Terraform to create these resources:

Reviewer: I think being in a terminal is implied through the context of running commands in a directory, imo:

```suggestion
. In the directory where you saved these Terraform files, run the following command to set up Terraform to create these resources:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ terraform init
----

> . You can optionally run the following command to confirm that the Terraform you copied is correct:

Reviewer: Per the [ISG guidance on optional steps](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#indicating-optional-and-conditional-steps):

```suggestion
. Optional: Run the following command to confirm that the Terraform you copied is correct:
```

> . You can optionally run the following command to confirm that the Terraform you copied is correct:

Reviewer: Just checking: is "Terraform" a valid noun by itself, or should it be used as an adjective, like "Terraform instance"?

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ terraform validate
----
+
.Sample output
+
[source,terminal]
----
Success! The configuration is valid.
----

> . You can test your Terraform template and create a reusable Terraform plan file by running the following command:

Reviewer: I would write this step in the imperative mood, and either:

Only remove "can" if it's something a user should do:
```suggestion
. Test your Terraform template and create a reusable Terraform plan file by running the following command:
```

Mark it as optional if it's not necessary:
```suggestion
. Optional: Test your Terraform template and create a reusable Terraform plan file by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ terraform plan -out account-roles.tfplan -var token=<OCM_token>
----
. Run the following command to build your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ terraform apply "account-roles.tfplan"
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you used the `terraform plan` command first, you can provide your created account-roles.tf file here. If you do not, Terraform temporarily creates this plan before it applies your desired outcome.

Reviewer: File name should be in backticks (plus a word choice suggestion, feel free to ignore this part):

```suggestion
If you used the `terraform plan` command first, you can provide your created `account-roles.tf` file here. Otherwise, Terraform temporarily creates this plan before it applies your desired outcome.
```

====

.Verification

> . Run the following command to verify that your account-roles have been created:

Reviewer: [Single-step procedures should be an unnumbered bullet](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#single-step-procedures):

```suggestion
* Run the following command to verify that your account-roles have been created:
```

ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

> The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your AWS IAM account roles for ROSA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) account roles for ROSA.
```
Sometimes we spell out AWS at first use, but other times we do not.

+
[source,terraform]
----
#
# Copyright (c) 2022 Red Hat, Inc.
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#

terraform {
  required_providers {
    aws = {
      source  = "hashicorp/aws"
      version = ">= 4.20.0"
    }
    rhcs = {
      version = ">= 1.3.0"
      source  = "terraform-redhat/rhcs"
    }
  }
}

data "rhcs_policies" "all_policies" {}

data "rhcs_versions" "all" {}

module "create_account_roles" {
  source  = "terraform-redhat/rosa-sts/aws"
  version = "0.0.14"

  create_operator_roles = false
  create_oidc_provider  = false
  create_account_roles  = true

  account_role_prefix    = var.account_role_prefix

>   ocm_environment        = var.ocm_environment

Reviewer 3: Remove this line

ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

> The following Terraform example creates your AWS IAM account roles.

Reviewer 4: to
> The following examples shows how Terraform can be used to create your AWS IAM account roles for ROSA.

.Procedure

. Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list account-roles
----

> . Create the Terraform files locally by using the following codes samples.

Reviewer 2: End this with a colon, please.

> .. Copy this template into a file  named `main.tf`. Running the main.tf file calls the rhcs provider, which allows you to use OpenShift services with Terraform.

Reviewer 4: rhcs provider

to

Red Hat Cloud Services Terraform provider

  operator_role_policies = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.operator_role_policies
  all_versions           = data.rhcs_versions.all
  path                   = var.path
  tags                   = var.tags
}
----

.. Copy this template into a file  named `output.tf`. In the `output.tf` file, the account role prefix structure is defined. This output definition allows you to specify how the various generated roles are constructed. 
+
[source,terraform]
----
output "account_role_prefix" {
  value = module.create_account_roles.account_role_prefix
}
----

.. Copy this template into a file  named `variables.tf`. You can provide your own variables in the default fields for the account-role creation variables. 
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not include your OCM token in this file if it is not stored in a safe location.
====
+
[source,terraform]
----
variable "ocm_environment" {
  type    = string
  default = "production"
}

variable "openshift_version" {
  type = string
  default = ""
}

variable "account_role_prefix" {
  type    = string
  default = ""
}

variable "token" {
  type = string
}

variable "url" {
  type        = string

>   description = "Provide OCM environment by setting a value to url"

Reviewer 4: from
> Provide OCM environment by setting a value to url

to
> The Red Hat Cloud Services API endpoint

  default     = "https://api.openshift.com"
}

variable "path" {
  description = "(Optional) The arn path for the account/operator roles as well as their policies."
  type        = string
  default     = null
}

variable "tags" {

>   description = "List of AWS resource tags to apply."

Reviewer 4: from
> "List of AWS resource tags to apply."

to
> "(Optional) List of AWS resource tags to apply."

Also add to explain what format this takes... is it `key=value`? A list or array?

ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

> The following examples shows how Terraform can be used to create your AWS IAM account roles for ROSA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples show how Terraform can be used to create your AWS IAM account roles for ROSA.
```

.Procedure

. Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list account-roles
----

. Create the Terraform files locally by using the following codes samples:
.. Copy this template into a file  named `main.tf`. Running the main.tf file calls the Red Hat Cloud Services Terraform provider, which allows you to use OpenShift services with Terraform.
+
[source,terraform]
----
#
# Copyright (c) 2022 Red Hat, Inc.
#
# Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
# you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
# You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#

terraform {
  required_providers {
    aws = {
      source  = "hashicorp/aws"
      version = ">= 4.20.0"
    }
    rhcs = {

>       version = ">= 1.1.0"

Reviewer 3: Change version to ">=1.3.0"?

      source  = "terraform-redhat/rhcs"
    }
  }
}

provider "rhcs" {
  token = var.token
  url   = var.url

> }

Reviewer 3: Please remove this "rhcs" provider section and add instructions on how to set this as environment variable
User should export the environment variable:
export OCM_TOKEN="<the token>"
This way is safer
External users shouldn't set the url, they should use default value (production)

data "rhcs_policies" "all_policies" {}

data "rhcs_versions" "all" {}

module "create_account_roles" {
  source  = "terraform-redhat/rosa-sts/aws"

>   version = "0.0.12"

Reviewer 3: Change the version to "0.0.14"

  create_account_roles  = true

  account_role_prefix    = var.account_role_prefix
  ocm_environment        = var.ocm_environment
  rosa_openshift_version = var.openshift_version
  account_role_policies  = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.account_role_policies
  operator_role_policies = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.operator_role_policies
  all_versions           = data.rhcs_versions.all
  path                   = var.path
  tags                   = var.tags
}
----

.. Copy this template into a file  named `output.tf`. In the `output.tf` file, the account role prefix structure is defined. This output definition allows you to specify how the various generated roles are constructed. 
+
[source,terraform]
----
output "account_role_prefix" {
  value = module.create_account_roles.account_role_prefix
}
----

.. Copy this template into a file  named `variables.tf`. You can provide your own variables in the default fields for the account-role creation variables. 
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not include your OCM token in this file if it is not stored in a safe location.
====
+
[source,terraform]
----
variable "ocm_environment" {
  type    = string
  default = "production"

> }

Reviewer 3: Please remove this variable and its usage from main.tf, as it shouldn't be used by external users

variable "openshift_version" {

>   type = string

Reviewer 3: Please add description what is "openshift_version" and how they can get the supported versions (`rosa list version`)

>   default = ""

Reviewer 3: This default value ("") actually hides the default openshift version used
Do we want to add here the default supported openshift version here or to enforce the user to decide (remove default value)?

Author: Let's do the lowest supported value for this example.

}

variable "account_role_prefix" {

>   type    = string

Reviewer 3: Please add here description what is "account_role_prefix" and how it used

  default = ""
}

variable "token" {
  type = string

> }

Reviewer 3: Please remove this "token" variable and add instructions on how to set this as environment variable
User should export the environment variable:
`export OCM_TOKEN="<the token>"`
This way is safer

variable "url" {
  type        = string
  description = "The Red Hat Cloud Services API endpoint"
  default     = "https://api.openshift.com"

> }

Reviewer 3: Please remove this variable and its usage from main.tf, as it shouldn't be used by external users

variable "path" {
  description = "(Optional) The arn path for the account/operator roles as well as their policies."
  type        = string
  default     = null

> }

Reviewer 3: To simplify this example, better to remove this variable and its usage in main.tf

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_planning/rosa-understanding-terraform.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) account roles for ROSA.

.Procedure

. Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list account-roles
----

. In your terminal, run the following command to export link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/token[your OCM token]. This value must include the full OCM token:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> export RHCS_TOKEN="<your_ocm_token>"

Reviewer: Add a $ in front:

```suggestion
$ export RHCS_TOKEN="<your_ocm_token>"
```

----

> . Optional: run the following command to specify your own account-role prefix that prepends the roles you create by running the following command:

Reviewer: I think in these cases the first word after "Optional:" should still be capitalized:

```suggestion
. Optional: Run the following command to specify your own account-role prefix that prepends the roles you create by running the following command:
```

> . Optional: run the following command to specify your own account-role prefix that prepends the roles you create by running the following command:

Reviewer: This line has "run the following command" at the end and beginning of the step, one of them should be removed.

+
[NOTE]
====
If you do not specify an account-role prefix, a prefix is generated in the format of `account-role-` followed by a string of four random characters.
====
+
[source,terminal]
----

> export account_role_prefix=<account_role_prefix>

Reviewer: Ditto about $:

```suggestion
$ export account_role_prefix=<account_role_prefix>
```

----

. Create the Terraform files locally by using the following code templates:
.. The `main.tf` file calls the Red Hat Cloud Services Terraform provider, which allows you to use OpenShift services with Terraform. Run the following command to create the `main.tf` file:
+

> [source,terraform]

Reviewer: Since the following code block now contains a command users will run, this should be terminal:

```suggestion
[source,terminal]
```

  # distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  # WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  # See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  # limitations under the License.
  #

  terraform {
    required_providers {
      aws = {
        source  = "hashicorp/aws"
        version = ">= 4.20.0"
      }
      rhcs = {
        version = ">= 1.3.0"
        source  = "terraform-redhat/rhcs"
      }
    }
  }

  data "rhcs_policies" "all_policies" {}

  data "rhcs_versions" "all" {}

  module "create_account_roles" {
    source  = "terraform-redhat/rosa-sts/aws"
    version = "0.0.15"

    create_operator_roles = false
    create_oidc_provider  = false
    create_account_roles  = true

    account_role_prefix    = var.account_role_prefix
    rosa_openshift_version = var.openshift_version
    account_role_policies  = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.account_role_policies
    operator_role_policies = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.operator_role_policies
    all_versions           = data.rhcs_versions.all
    tags                   = var.tags
  }
EOF
----

> .. You define the account role prefix structure in the `output.tf` file. This output definition allows you to specify how the various generated roles are constructed. Running the following command creates your `output.tf` file:

Reviewer: Just a personal opinion but I think the following suggestion sounds a bit better and more closely follows the wording you use in other steps: 

```suggestion
.. You define the account role prefix structure in the `output.tf` file. This output definition allows you to specify how the various generated roles are constructed. Run the following command to create your `output.tf` file:
```
Feel free to ignore if there's a particular reason you chose this wording here.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat<<-EOF>output.tf 
  output "account_role_prefix" {
    value = module.create_account_roles.account_role_prefix
  }
EOF  
----

> .. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for  the `account_role_prefix` in the first step, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Running the following command creates your `output.tf` file:

Reviewer: Just a personal opinion but I think the following suggestion sounds a bit better and more closely follows the wording you use in other steps: 

```suggestion
.. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for  the `account_role_prefix` in the first step, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Run the following command to create your `output.tf` file:
```
Feel free to ignore if there's a particular reason you chose this wording here.

> .. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for  the `account_role_prefix` in the first step, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Running the following command creates your `output.tf` file:

Reviewer: should this be `variables.tf` here? (also removing an extra space)

```suggestion
.. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for the `account_role_prefix` in the first step, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Running the following command creates your `variables.tf` file:
```

> .. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for  the `account_role_prefix` in the first step, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Running the following command creates your `output.tf` file:

Reviewer: Saying "the first step" might create an issue down the line if you add a new step in front of that one, shifting the numbering/order. 

Plus I think it's the third step in the procedure where you export the variable. This should at least be changed to say "third step", but ideally I think you could just say "earlier" and it would be good enough for users:

```suggestion
.. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for  the `account_role_prefix` earlier, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Running the following command creates your `output.tf` file:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_planning/rosa-understanding-terraform.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) account roles for ROSA.

[NOTE]
====
If you want to edit the Terraform files, you can use any text editor. You must re-run the `terraform init` and `terraform apply` commands if you change any values in the files.
====

.Procedure

. Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa list account-roles

Reviewer 5: What do I do if I find them? What do I do if I don't?

Author: @xueli181114 Would you know if it's common for users to see account roles? Our AWS account has a lot of users, so I always see roles. This step is mostly as a check so that when you create the roles, you can see you did, in fact, add them.

----

. In your terminal, run the following command to export link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/token[your OCM token]. This value must include the full OCM token:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export RHCS_TOKEN="<your_ocm_token>"
----
+
You can verify that your token is saved by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ echo $RHCS_TOKEN
----
+
You see your token in the command line.

> . Optional:You can specify your own account-role prefix that prepends the roles you create by running the following command:

Reviewer 5: Missing space after `Optional:` :)

    type = string
    default = "4.13"
    description = "Enter the desired OpenShift version as X.Y. This version should match what you intend for your ROSA cluster. For example, if you plan to create a ROSA cluster using '4.13.10', then this version should be '4.13'. You can see the supported versions of OpenShift by running 'rosa list version'."
  }

  variable "account_role_prefix" {
    type    = string
    default = ""
    description = "Your account roles are prepended with whatever value you enter here. The default value in the ROSA CLI is 'ManagedOpenshift-' before all of your account roles."
  }

  variable "tags" { <1>
    type        = map
    default     = null
    description = "(Optional) List of AWS resource tags to apply."
  }
EOF
----
+
--
<1> The `tags` parameter uses a map of strings variable. The format that it takes looks like the following example:
+
[source,terraform]
----
variable "tags" {
  type    = "map"
  default = {
    "us-east-1" = "image-1234"
    "us-west-2" = "image-4567"
  }
}
----
--
. In the directory where you saved these Terraform files, run the following command to set up Terraform to create these resources:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ terraform init

Reviewer 5: I did get a timeout warning running this the first time, but the second time was fine:

```
│ Error: Failed to install provider
│ 
│ Error while installing hashicorp/random v3.5.1: releases.hashicorp.com: Get
│ "https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform-provider-random/3.5.1/terraform-provider-random_3.5.1_linux_amd64.zip":
| dial tcp: lookup releases.hashicorp.com on 127.0.0.53:53: read udp 127.0.0.1:37618->127.0.0.53:53: i/o timeout
```

Author: @nirarg what would trigger this error? It appears like a network issue?

----
. Optional: Run the following command to confirm that the Terraform code you copied is correct:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ terraform validate
----
+
.Sample output
+
[source,terminal]
----
Success! The configuration is valid.
----
. Optional: Test your Terraform template and create a reusable Terraform plan file by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ terraform plan -out account-roles.tfplan -var token=<OCM_token>

Reviewer 5: Should `<OCM_token>` use our `$RHCS_TOKEN` environment variable instead?

Reviewer 5: Also, encountered [this issue](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68169800/terraform-is-not-finding-my-passed-json-variables) when I was testing this - led to the following error whether or not I was using the environment variable above:

```
[lbailey@twinkpad ~]$ terraform plan -out account-roles.tfplan -var token=$RHCS_TOKEN
╷
│ Error: Value for undeclared variable
│ 
│ A variable named "token" was assigned on the command line, but the root module does not declare a variable of that
│ name. To use this value, add a "variable" block to the configuration.
```

Resolved by adding the following line at the top of `main.tf` file, just before the `terraform` definition:

```
variable "token" {}
```

This was with Terraform v1.6.0 on Fedora 38 for the record.

Reviewer 5: Actually, that variable definition should probably be:

```
variable "token" {
  type = string
}
```

Just for safety.

Reviewer 3: This is a mistake, the token shouldn't be passed as variable.
The provider itself looking for environment variable `RHCS_TOKEN` so user just need to export the environment variable
For more info see: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/terraform-redhat/rhcs/latest/docs#authentication-and-configuration

====

.Verification
* Run the following command to verify that your account-roles have been created:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list account-roles
----
+
.Sample output

[source,terminal]
----
I: Fetching account roles
ROLE NAME                            ROLE TYPE      ROLE ARN                                                            OPENSHIFT VERSION  AWS Managed
account-role-6kn4-ControlPlane-Role  Control plane  arn:aws:iam::269733383066:role/account-role-6kn4-ControlPlane-Role  4.13               No
account-role-6kn4-Installer-Role     Installer      arn:aws:iam::269733383066:role/account-role-6kn4-Installer-Role     4.13               No
account-role-6kn4-Support-Role       Support        arn:aws:iam::269733383066:role/account-role-6kn4-Support-Role       4.13               No
account-role-6kn4-Worker-Role        Worker         arn:aws:iam::269733383066:role/account-role-6kn4-Worker-Role        4.13               No
----

.Clean up

When you are finished using the resources that you created using Terraform, you should purge these resources with the following command:
[source,terminal]
----

> $ terraform destroy

Reviewer 5: For the record,  this also requires specifying the token variable, so recommend changing to:

```
terraform destroy -var token=$RHCS_TOKEN
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_planning/rosa-understanding-terraform.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-understanding-terraform"]
:tf-full:
endif::[]
:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="sd-terraform-account-roles_{context}"]
ifdef::tf-full[]
= Account roles Terraform example
endif::tf-full[]
ifndef::tf-full[]
= Creating your account-wide IAM roles with Terraform
endif::tf-full[]

The following example shows how Terraform can be used to create your Amazon Web Services (AWS) Identity and Access Management (IAM) account roles for ROSA.

[NOTE]
====
If you want to edit the Terraform files, you can use any text editor. You must re-run the `terraform init` and `terraform apply` commands if you change any values in the files.
====

.Procedure

. Check your AWS account for existing roles and policies by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list account-roles
----
+

> . In your terminal, run the following command to export link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/token[your OCM token]. This value must include the full OCM token:

Reviewer 6: Likely too nitpicky, but I know it's been a thing before...suggestion: 

s/OCM/{cluster-manager-first}

    create_oidc_provider  = false
    create_account_roles  = true

    account_role_prefix    = var.account_role_prefix
    rosa_openshift_version = var.openshift_version
    account_role_policies  = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.account_role_policies
    operator_role_policies = data.rhcs_policies.all_policies.operator_role_policies
    all_versions           = data.rhcs_versions.all
    tags                   = var.tags
  }
EOF
----

.. You define the account role prefix structure in the `output.tf` file. This output definition allows you to specify how the various generated roles are constructed. Run the following command to create your `output.tf` file:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat<<-EOF>output.tf 
  output "account_role_prefix" {
    value = module.create_account_roles.account_role_prefix
  }
EOF  
----

.. The `variables.tf` allows you to specify values you want for select variables. If you exported a variable for the `account_role_prefix` earlier, leave this variable's default value blank. Setting the variable in both places with different values can produce unexpected results. Run the following command to create your `variables.tf` file:
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not include your OCM token in this file if it is not stored in a safe location.

Reviewer 6: Suggestion: 

s/OCM/{cluster-manager}
